Doc/update (#351)
vtex-apps/product-summary: docs/ProductSummaryAttachmentList.md

# Product Summary Attachment List

> Product Summary Attachment is a block exported by the [Product Summary app](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-product-summary) responsible for rendering a list of [attachments](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/adding-an-attachment--7zHMUpuoQE4cAskqEUWScU?_ga=2.214353246.838011516.1646145984-1001456323.1619912759) for the product 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product Summary Attachment is the block exported by the [Product Summary app](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-product-summary) responsible for rendering the [attachment](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/o-que-e-um-anexo--aGICk0RVbqKg6GYmQcWUm) options available for a product.
```
